well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we got to talk to the
Bernie supporters yeah okay so it didn't
happen again
we can do don't worry this is not a vote
blue no matter who video you're going to
decide who to vote for on your own but
what are you going to do if you support
it burning odds are you supported them
because of principles ideas ideas that
the American people may not be ready for
yet so what does that mean does that
mean you're wrong no means they're not
ready for them yet but what can you do
in the mean time you going to stay idle
wait for the next promising politician
that kind of aligns with your views or
you're going to take advantage of the
very very unique situation that we're in
right now the economy is paused most
Bernie supporters are granting him that
support out of economic reasons and the
economy is paused you want to change in
the economic system that we have in the
United States and the economy is paused
when this is over that race starts again
and yeah the the billionaire's of
millionaires they're going to have that
inside track they're gonna have that
inside lane they're gonna have that
advantage but that doesn't mean that
you're out of the race
why have you've been furloughed or laid
off from a company something that you
know how to do and all of your
co-workers know how to do those major
corporations that have plagued the
American worker for so long
well they've already trained the people
you need they've already hired them
they've already got them ready and right
now they have nothing to do you know who
your coworkers are if you want a society
where workers have a say why not build
it from the ground up because it's clear
you're not going to be in a position to
have it legislated for quite a while so
why not take advantage of the situation
that we're in build your worker coop
organize educate get ready so you can
agitate when the race starts again
imagine organizing your co-workers who
are currently at home to set up a little
worker co-op in whatever your industry
is now this doesn't apply to everybody
not everybody can do it you know if you
work for a retail giant yeah this may
not work exactly but there's nothing to
say you couldn't open a retail store or
some kind because when the economy
restarts a whole lot of things are going
to be different you're gonna have retail
space available for cheap because
they're gonna want to fill it because a
lot of them they're empty now and
they're going to be empty in the future
if you work in a restaurant there's
gonna be restaurant space available
cheap there's gonna be equipment
available cheap
if you are a delivery driver and you're
upset with how you're being treated
there's no reason that you can't found a
uber etes competitor that takes care of
its employees there's no reason there's
nothing stopping you and your co-workers
from building the system you want from
the ground up this is the time to do it
this is the time to do it because when
that race starts again you can be
responsible you can play your part in
building that Society you want you can
make sure that everybody has a living
wage that goes well a few months you can
make sure everybody has health insurance
and yeah it's not the ideal but it's
better than what we have right now and
we're in the position to actually make
that change it's become very clear that
we can't count on the government for
much and I'm not saying that the
Democratic establishment didn't push the
other candidate not saying that at all
I'm saying that it's very likely that
those ideas are ahead of their time that
right now the majority of Americans
won't back then but what if you showed
them they work there have been examples
there have been examples in everybody
right now and those people especially
essential workers the sacrificial lambs
you're probably less than thrilled with
your current employer
this is the time this is the time they
spent the money training them they spent
the money training you organize the race
is paused and when it restarts you're
gonna have an opportunity that you're
not going to have again if you want to
make a move this is the time to do it if
you look at all of those all of those
billionaires Warren Buffett by when
there's blood in the streets chaos the
chaos that we're experiencing right now
provides the opportunity for people who
can see through it who can plan who can
be ready to get ahead wouldn't it be
nice if this time the people that got
ahead or the people that care about
their workers and the Bernie bros and
the Bernie babes aside from those names
they're in the best position to make
that happen it's a wide cross-section
all it takes is organization and then
once you have your little co-op your
little worker co-op your organization
that is playing within the rules but
quietly playing by their own you can
upset the status quo because those other
workers the ones that are forced to go
back and work for these companies that
do not care about them they're gonna
want to work with you and it may inspire
them to organize you get enough
organization and maybe we can pause
everything again if we need to
you want deep systemic change you can do
it you can do it not with your vote but
with your action we haven't had real
leadership in this country for a very
long time it's time to lead ourselves
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good day